volume measures can be used for dry
ingredients in this case we have cup half cup
quarter cup and 1/8 cup measures for
smaller amounts we can use measuring spoons
quarter teaspoon half teaspoon
teaspoon and tablespoon measures
for liquid measures we can use a one litre
cup ladles are used for portioning liquids
like sauces or soups we have two
four six and eight ounce standards
be sure to know the equivalents
used in your recipe measures
to show the difference
between water and bread crumbs
500 ml of water weighs 500 grams compare that
to breadcrumbs which are lighter than water
500 mils of breadcrumb only weighs 180 grams this
would make a huge difference if you made a mistake
in measuring ladles can be used to
transfer liquids or measure them
to measure flour with a cup
scoop and cut off the top
similarly for dry measures
using table or teaspoons
and for small amounts you can use teaspoon
measures that wouldn't show up on your scale